Adds explanation for optional variables (#239)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 0-bootstrap/README.md

1. Change into the main directory for the terraform-example-foundation.
1. Run this command ```for i in `find -name 'backend.tf'`; do sed -i 's/UPDATE_ME/GCS_BUCKET_NAME/' $i; done``` where `GCS_BUCKET_NAME` is the name of your bucket from the steps executed above.

### Optional Variables

> Some variables used to deploy the step have default values, check if you want to change those values before doing the deploy. For more information check in the section [Inputs](./README.md#Inputs) the variables not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some variables used to deploy this step have default values, please check these prior to deployment to ensure they match your requirements. For more information, see [Inputs](./README.md#Inputs) for variables marked as not required.
```
